New: add rule "prefer-named-capture-group" (fixes #11381) (#11392)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/prefer-named-capture-group.md

# Suggest using named capture group in regular expression (prefer-named-capture-group)

> With the landing of ECMAScript 2018, named capture group can be used in regular expression, which can improve the readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the landing of ECMAScript 2018, named capture groups can be used in regular expressions, which can improve their readability.
```

```js
const regex = /(?<year>[0-9]{4})/;
```

## Rule Details

> This rule is aimed at using named capture group instead of numbered capture group in regular expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is aimed at using named capture groups instead of numbered capture groups in regular expressions.
```
